Ladies and gentlemen, we have an updated
S tier list for funnels and conversion
mechanisms that we're going to be going
through today that are working for the
businesses generating million-dollar
months. If you're new here, it's all we
talk about are been there, done that
lessons of the million-doll month
earners that we've worked with over the
years. We've currently helped 41
different businesses hit these
million-dollar months. We don't make any
income claims. We just pass down the
lessons from these businesses to you.
We're not saying you're going to watch
this video on make million-dollar months
possible. Hell, the US Bureau of Labor
Statistics says that.1% of all
businesses ever achieve $10 million a
year, let alone the even smaller
quantity than that that hit 12 million a
year, the big million-dollar months. All
we do, just be clear, is hand down
lessons to you. So, if you're here for
that, welcome in. It's a pleasure to
have you. And of course, if you're
already a subscriber, welcome back. This
one's going to be a banger. So, this is
an updated video. I've made one of these
in the past, but I like to keep you guys
on current game, not just past game. and
some things have changed from the last
time that I made this very video. So,
without further ado, we're going to jump
in funnel byfunnel and rank it. If you
are new to how these list ranking videos
work, let me put you on game. We rank
the highest tiered, highest working,
highest probable to hit funnels in the S
tier and then we work our way down. A,
B, C, and D tier are below that. D tier
in this case would represent funnels
that we would arguably never try. Uh
things that we have tried that just fail
to work. Things that work with a very
low probability. And I want to be clear
when I say this. Some of these still
crush. They just don't crush at a high
rate for every business that we try them
with. So I just want to be really clear
on some disclaimers. I might rank
something that you might absolutely
sweep with and just milk profits with,
but a majority of the time it doesn't
hit for everybody else. So therefore, I
rank it lower is what it is. Let's get
started with the first one. Call
funnels. I want to be super clear when I
say this. I absolutely love call
funnels. Call funnels are so good. Just
so we're all on the same page. You drive
traffic from a direct response ad over
to a page that has a VSSL on it and
encourages somebody to book a call
typically after filling out an
application expressing the fact that
they're qualified and then being able to
book. If that is what you define a
callunnel to be, I rank that in the
highest possible tier of S. Okay, call
funnels are the [__] If you fail to
make call funnels work, it's typically
because you have an awful show rate and
you are failing to implement all the
modern best practices like the hammer
them content remarketing strategy,
breakout videos and your confirmation
page and other confirmation page best
practices, value dense email sequences
which are taking a lot of those breakout
videos, hammer them concepts and putting
them inside of your valuedriven
follow-up emails. Okay. And in addition
to all that, having all the best
practices in place with trust assets and
sales assets for your salespeople to be
able to use to be able to retarget those
people with and text them manually as
well, along with a whole slew of other
best practices. Call funnels are the
[__] They work a majority of the time.
When we initially come into a business,
it's a go-to strategy. It's a go-to
funnel for us. And when we implement our
stack of what increases the probability
for it to work more than half of the
time by far is it absolutely crushing
for us especially especially with
anything that's high ticket. Okay, we
love call funnels but I do want to give
a sad set of condolences to those that
have not updated their best practices to
the modern set of standards that you
have to implement across these funnels
in order to actually milk them and get
them extremely profitable and working
for you. So, if you have inconsistency
on it, I have a whole bunch of videos on
my channel that you can go check out,
all dedicated to call funnels and those
current best practices. I also have
breakout videos on my YouTube channel
dedicated to some of those topics
independently on their own so we can
expand on those topics from how much I
believe in them. Okay, next one. Live
webinars. Absolute S tier. I want to be
fair in saying live webinars in my
previous video they were ranked at an A
tier because they just weren't working
that well at that time. Time can change
everything, can it? In this case, live
webinars were resurrected, right? It's
not that they completely died. We still
had a bunch of people that were crushing
it with live webinars during the dark
ages over the last several years where
they weren't ripping a majority of the
time. And that's when we ranked them
lower. They were still working, but they
weren't working a majority of the time.
Now, I mean, holy [__] Like, if you're
a good one to many presenter and you
have the skill sets that webinars
require you to have, live webinars [__]
super hard. They're awesome. And it's
very important to note that when
executed at a high frequency,
specifically to cold audiences, they
[__] even harder. Okay? I am in love
with clients and my inner circle members
that can take cold traffic seriously
with live webinar strategies. It is such
an effective way to convert people who
have no idea who you are into buyers at
a high rate. Okay? because it is a
valued dense presentation that gives
people a lot of information, increases
their awareness, increases their
interest levels, and gives them an
opportunity to buy typically through
salespeople rather than direct to
checkout. That's what all our high
ticket product and service-based
businesses are doing nowadays with live
webinars. And I want to be really clear
when I say this is a great transition
and bridge auto webinars. I'm actually
going to rank at a beam. Okay, now this
might sound a little crazy because we do
have a handful of clients where what
they'll do is they'll make the front
part live and then they'll switch to an
auto webinar for like the remaining 90%
of the presentation and then they'll sit
there and they'll be their own moderator
in their chats and like answer questions
and it's an interesting strategy but
it's not technically automated in
itself. It's a majority automated but
not the entirety of it. Automated
webinars used to be awesome. Like there
was a period of time where we could just
run an ondemand webinar. Not even just
like a standard auto webinar where you
fake it being live at a certain date and
time. Like a literal on demand webinar
where somebody could just opt in and
immediately watch it within a few
minutes. Those were awesome. But
unfortunately like they're just not
working that well right now. Same thing
with auto webinars. Even if you stage it
to be live, what we're noticing, and
this is why I don't think that they're
ranked higher on my list here, is we're
seeing up to onethird. Think about this.
1th3%
of the people who buy a high ticket
product or service watching more than
one webinar to buy. So the issue becomes
when they go back and they opt in for
the same webinar again as that one-third
of total buyers and they realize, oh
this is just the same [__] like they
don't buy, you know, and they don't get
the additional information that they
need. What they look for and this is
very interesting. Like I think short
form content really changed the game
with how the live webinars were
resurrected and like brought back to
life. It's not just like the same live
webinars that they used to be either.
They are different. Like they require a
whole different set of best practices to
actually work well at scale for our
million-dollar month clients. They are
all doing them live and they're doing
them differently than they used to. And
what we're seeing as a big part of like
what's making people show up and
actually enjoy these things and buy from
them as a result is the fact that it's
live. And like I said, when you get a
majority of people that end up buying
that are recurring webinar viewers, it's
like lowers trust for some reason. You
know, it's turning people off. That's
the best way to put it. As a result of
that, we are not endorsing auto webinars
nearly as much as what we used to. I
just want to be fair and saying like,
look, I'm a marketer where I don't want
to be right, dude. I just want to make
money. If a client comes to me and
they're already doing incredible numbers
with an auto webinar and they just want
to scale it up, I am a-okay with that
and obviously happy to do it. But I'm
just simply telling you a majority of
the time that's not the case. It's a
minority of the time that that's
happening. And it's not even like a big
minority. It's a very small minority of
the time that we see that kind of thing.
And I assure you, we got visibility on
it. Okay, one of the newest S tier list
members is the challenge funnel. My
goodness, I could I could borderline
rank this in A. I'm very close to
ranking it in A, but I'll tell you why I
ranked it an S. The lump sums that a
challenge funnel generates are [__]
generational. Okay, it is insane what
challenge funnels can do when you put
your balls on the table. It is wild the
results that they can produce. We had a
challengefunnel case study video that we
published here on the channel with a
client that spent $292,000
in ad spend. They on the front end with
ticket sales were 1.9x profitable going
into the challenge making just shy
$600,000 from just ticket sales and the
little upsales on the back end of the
ticket purchases and then made $3.4
million in the actual challenge itself
selling a $10,000 offer. That's a total
of almost $4 million in that single
challenge. Since then, as you can
imagine, we've had plenty of other
clients take advantage and risk some
cash on challenges and have gone big
that have seen awesome results. I want
to be clear when I say this though, the
reason it's like borderline an A tier.
Two things. Number one, it takes a
[__] incredible amount of work. Like,
it is exhausting. It is not light work
at all. It is tremendous in terms of the
workload that it takes. And a lot of our
bigger deals, especially like the ones
that take it real serious, they're
spending like 90 to $120,000
just on the cost of like a really really
good virtual studio to shoot it in with
like paid MC's, guest speakers coming
in. And it's it's more like a virtual
event is what it feels like rather than
just like a traditional challenge
funnel. My inner circle members who
typically don't risk as much in this
case, some of them do to be fair, but
most of them start at like a smaller
level. Like we had one I had to press
the living [__] out of him. I I won't
say his name cuz I I got a lot of
respect for the guy. But to be clear,
like I had to press the [__] out of him
to go big after he got a phenomenal
return on his first challenge. Guy spent
like seven grand and he made $200,000 on
a challenge funnel. A lot of that in
terms of the total buyers came from his
organic following. He pushed it pretty
hard organically, but in that following
challenge that he wanted to do, he
didn't want to risk nearly as much. So,
just to just to show and demonstrate
like not everybody is risking, you know,
$300,000 on a challenge and still seeing
awesome returns with it. There's people
that are risking smaller amounts and
still seeing like really good ROI. Um,
this is just again like a resurrected
strategy that for a long period of time
wasn't really worth the the risk and
wasn't necessarily worth the time, but
now it's [__] paying dividends. It is
awesome. So, big fan of challenges. The
reason that I'm borderline putting it on
an A tier, and this is the other reason,
is it is outside of the fact it's so
challenging to get a challenge funnel.
Just so much work. We're just seeing
that it can't be executed at a really
consistent pace. Like our biggest
biggest client that's risking the most
on this is spending a million dollar in
a month. That's the plan. A million
dollars in a month on a challenge. And
the goal is to do a challenge every
single month with six of those
challenges in the year being the same
topic and the other six challenges in
the year being an alternative topic. And
I just want to be clear, like a million
dollars in a month on a challenge is
insane. That's the only person that
we've seen commit to the idea. And
again, it's just an idea. This has not
been executed at this point. This is
just an idea that this person's willing
to commit to of doing a monthly.
Everybody else that we've seen that's
done a challenge or considering doing a
challenge due to the exhaustive level of
work that it takes is more so doing it
like twice a year or quarterly if that
we feel like if we push people to do it
quarterly that's a huge win. However, a
lot of our bigger clients like they're
just not making the time for it to do it
at a higher frequency. It's being done
at most typically twice a year or some
of them even worse than that once a
year. So that's what makes it borderline
a tier for me. it's, you know, a
relatively big risk just due to the
exhaustive labor behind getting it done.
And then two, it puts you in a position
where you just realize like right after
you do it, you're like, "Holy [__] like
there's no way I'm going to be able to
do that again in that in that short of a
duration of time." It also takes a
little bit longer of a promotional cycle
to like truly get enough people into it.
You know, if you don't give yourself
enough time, there's going to be things
that [__] up. Like you might launch a
challenge and your and your paid funnel
just doesn't work well. You know, and
we've had guys, as an example, in our
inner circle, they've tested launching a
paid challenge, and they had to pivot to
a free challenge in order to get it to
work. We've had other guys where they've
launched a paid challenge, had a under
1.0 rorowaz, and then they had to make a
giant change to the page, and then they
were at a 3x rorowaz on the front end of
their ticket sales with their AOB being
lifted a little bit from the backend
upselles. You know, it's like, simply
put, if you only gave yourself 30 days
and you actually tried to run it
monthly, you probably wouldn't have
enough time to fix what's not working
anymore. And then two, you'd probably
fatigue it. And then three, you would
just be exhausted because this takes a
fuckload of work. So again, I'm ranking
it S tier just due to the [__] lump
that it produces. But I got to be
honest, you I kind of want to rank it an
A instead of an S. Okay, BookFunnels.
Book funnels are a variation of low
ticket to high ticket. I'm I'm teetering
here. I got to be honest, I'm teetering.
I'm I'm between an A and a B. I'm not
that certain as to whether I can rank it
an A just due to the fact that it works
when it works and it typically works for
my larger deals. Like people that are
extremely well-known, people that are
like big personal brands or big
businesses that have big dollars. Like
we had a client, as an example, they
spent $43,000 in the month of May. They
generated $322,000
from the upselles in the month of May.
They converted 7% of their total buyers
into a $12,000 AOV upsell. And these
people just started with a free book and
maybe a higher AOV. So like again,
that's super scalable. That's awesome.
That [__] hard. But at the same time,
it's also limiting because I don't see a
lot of people willing to take big risks
on BookFunnels and even start it. It's
it's a minority of the time that people
run it, period. A majority of the time
that it's run, it works and it becomes
like a cornerstone funnel. And that
makes me want to put it at an A just
based on the fact that again a majority
of the time when tested it works. So
that's what's going to make me place it
there. But I just want to be really
clear. This this can be a borderline
Btier argument because not it's it's
like just you don't have a lot of
willingness to execute it and not every
business is technically like applicable
to have the ability to execute it. You
know, there's some service businesses
where I can see it makes no sense to
have a book. Like in one of our recent
videos that we've posted on this
channel, I went through some content and
there was a gentleman who has a $35,000
to $250,000 a year service. It's like a
wardrobe service. Come to your house,
uh, you know, obviously do your
measurements as a custom tailor, build
you out an entire wardrobe full of
sports jackets and suits and like, you
know, really nice stuff. Uh, but at the
end of the day, like, does that make
sense for that guy to have a bookfunnel?
Like, you know, probably not. You get
what I mean? So, again, it's a funnel
that works a majority of the time when
it's applicable to run. Does that make
sense? But a minority of the time is it
necessary or makes sense to run, you
know? So, you know, rank it where you
rank it in your list. But my list, that
thing, that thing's awesome. I love it.
Okay, live events. First of all, again,
we kind of have an argumentative point
here as to whether this goes in the S
tier list or the A tier list. Live
events are even more exhausting than
challenge funnels. Okay? And I got to
keep it real. Even just based from that,
I think I'm going to put it in the A
tier. But talk about lumps, okay? I'm
going to give you a story that I just
want to add a [__] income discla
disclaimer to an earnings disclaimer
prior to even saying it. This level of
result is so uncommon. This has
literally been the only instance in my
entire career of being a marketer in my
life that I've ever heard of this level
of result and had a client that produced
this level of result at that. And it's
again extremely uncommon. This is not
the norm. I'll talk more about the norm
here in a minute, but wow does this
argumentably make me really want to put
it in an S tier. I had a client that did
a joint live event with one of his
longtime business partners and they did
$19 million
off this live event. $19 million. Like
that's [__] insane for the level of
lumpsum that a live event can produce.
I've had milliondoll a month trophy
earners that have been in my inner
circle program in Australia that
traveled around to different parts of
the United States, Canada, Europe, but
mainly the United States was where it
typically worked best for him. And he's
since been able to replicate it and make
it work well in Australia. And he just
did live events and like once a month
he'd have a live event. Sometimes when
he was traveling he would do smaller
live events and he was clearing
million-dollar months and he was doing
phenomenal. He would typically get a big
guest speaker, somebody he would pay
like $50 to $100,000 to to come and
speak, you know, promote the living [__]
out of it and try to be profitable going
into the event and then obviously have
an upsell after, you know, presenting
great information and like just charging
the environment with a strong positive
emotion. It's it's it's incredible what
you can do with live events. However, I
rank it as an A tier for two reasons.
Number one, again, it's so exhausting.
If you've ever coordinated a live event,
even if it's small, dude, like we do
quarterly masterminds for our inner
circle program along with one-on-one
weekly group calls, our access,
unlimited access at that to Jeremy AI,
which is trained on literally 4.2
million data points. It's updated on
every single thing that I know today and
record today and document today, the
following morning. It's as real time as
it gets. But for that offer, for our
inner circle offer where we do our
quarterly masterminds, I have to do
masterminds four times a year, once
every quarter. Okay? And those are all
in person. They're streamed virtually.
They're recorded. Then they're uploaded
into our training libraries for all of
our inner circle members to view
ongoing. Those even just those those
have like at most maybe a hundredish
people that come out of everybody that's
in the group. You know, we usually get
like maybe 2/3 of the total people that
are going to join in and like arrive
give or take which one of the year which
one of those four it is throughout the
year. Those even those exhausting,
right? I've had clients that have thrown
2,000 to 5,000 person. The largest one
being like 10,000 people inerson events.
It is insane how long it takes. It takes
like 6 months, you know, 3 months if you
want to like really run it tight to
coordinate all these vendors and
contractors and like the speakers and
like sell out the event, you know,
depending on how big you go, the more
time you need. And there is just
especially given the time of year, a lot
of fluctuations you can experience from
an advertising perspective in the
ability to sell it out. But boy oh boy
oh boy do they [__] rip if you do it
right. However, you got to do it right.
So, if you don't do it right, you're not
going to get nearly that level of result
of going even just a few million dollars
at one time. It's a skill to be able to
present successfully and strategically
know when to do what to be able to
convert a large quantity or even a small
quantity of people into buyers at that
event. It is uh you know, it's not for
the weak, it's not for the newbies, it's
not for the noviceses. It is uh again a
very skilled funnel and that's why it
just unfortunately it just doesn't fall
into the ranks of the S tier as a result
of that. phenomenal, but a minority of
the time does it absolutely crank. And
just due to its infrequency and severity
of of workloads, you know, it's just not
something I can choose to rank in the S
tier. Okay, low ticket to high ticket.
This one's easy for me. This feels like
a teeter totter between the A and B. Um,
mainly because a majority of the time
we're seeing that yes, it works. Okay.
But a minority of the time is it run and
I don't know, man. It's just it makes me
want to put it in the A tier due to its
consistency and how well it performs.
So, I think I'm going to place it there.
But, I'll tell you, you got to do it
right. Like, you most people really [__]
this up. When they sell something low
ticket and then they try to ascend
people to high ticket, the issue becomes
that they are not taking something from
the main product, breaking it off, and
selling it low ticket. Okay? Instead,
what they're doing is they're just
making up some random [__] to sell low
ticket that has no congruency to the
high ticket thing that they want to
upsell the person. Even worse than that,
they'll pick something that sabotages
the high ticket sale by selling
something low ticket that takes far too
long to get a result with. The key with
the low ticket products is to pick
something that has an immediate high
impact result that aligns to the main
thing that you want to upsell the
person. The faster they get the result
with the low ticket thing, the faster
the sales cycle is going to be for the
high ticket thing. The more people that
you sell the low ticket thing to that
get a result period, the higher the
probability is that you're going to get
people to buy the high ticket thing. So
again, not S tier as a result of people
having a high rate of [__] it up if
they do it wrong. But for the people who
do it right, a majority of the time it
absolutely rips. However, just a
minority of the time are people doing it
period. Most people will do things like
call funnels, webinars, challenge
funnels. Those are like the core funnels
that people are going to run most often.
And rightfully so. I mean, dude, they're
S tier funnels, right? rightfully so,
right? But low ticket can be great for
liquidating some of the ad spend, right?
Let's use the example you're operating
at scale where you're already spending a
couple hundred grand a month on ads or
even if you're just spending tens of
thousands a month on ads and you want to
start increasing your rorowaz and
driving more profitability. A great
conversion mechanism and funnel strategy
to do that is something that would
liquidate some of the front-end ad spend
and therefore increase your
profitability because all the sales that
happen on the back end are just pure
profit or pretty [__] close to pure
profit. So any kind of funnel that's
higher rorowaz blended together at a
high rate of spend with all of your
other cash burning kind of fronting cash
funnels like call funnels, live webinars
or free challenge funnels, free events,
etc. These types of low ticket to high
ticket funnels become accelerants for
profitability. That's why we love them.
That's why I believe it belongs in the A
tier list. However, again, just not a
lot of people are executing it with
ease. So not an S tier funnel by any
means. Okay, quiz funnels. I'm going to
argue on this one. This one can belong
really in almost any one of these tiers
because it's essentially like a lead
magnet to a degree where what you're
doing is is you're trying to give people
an opportunity to self-qualify what
product might be best. So, as an
example, like if you have a few
different offers and you want people to
come through framed that the offer
you're going to sell them on makes sense
as a result of the answers and and and
you know what questions you asked them
and what answers they provided that led
them to like that product being for them
or that service being for them. Sure,
like that framing can help a lot to
convert traffic, but at the same time,
like you can really [__] that up,
especially if you don't have a wide
range of offers or a suite of offers or
the questions don't come through and
give people that frame. You know, it
just feels more like an application
funnel. You can really [__] up a
quizfunnel, but at the same time, like
give or take the specific product or
service that you're running for,
quizfunnels can be awesome, but I just,
you know, I got to be honest, like I
don't think they belong in an S by any
means, nor do I think they even belong
in an A. I believe they're more like an
auto webinar in the B category. You're
fronting cash. You know, you're pushing
people through something that can make
sense for the right types of high ticket
product and service-based businesses,
but it's not a majority of high ticket
product and service businesses that
really this this type of conversion
mechanism makes sense for. For the right
ones, awesome rips, great. But again,
for a majority, and that's a minority of
people, it's going to be the right one
for for a majority of folks. It's like
it's just not really going to do what
it's chocked up to do for the most part.
However, whether you know or don't know
if it's right or wrong for you, it can
still be worth a test. But I also want
to disclose like it's just not high on
the list of things to test. That's also
why it's in the B tier. It's not like
you go from, okay, callunnel, live
webinar, challenge funnel, live events,
low ticket to high ticket, and then
you're like, "Oh, let's do a bookunnel."
There's other funnels that you're much
more probable to run before you ever
just say out loud, "All right, dude.
Let's go run a quizunnel." You know what
I mean? if and when that does happen and
again you're the right type of high
ticket product and service business for
it. Yes, it makes sense and it it
absolutely [__] hard but not a majority
of the time and it's not even applicable
a majority of the time to run. It's also
just low on the list of things that like
you're going to have a lot of
willingness to try and test in the first
place. Okay, this one is a little
controversial because we have several
million-doll month businesses. We have a
lot of inner circle members as an
example that use DM ads. And DM ads are
awesome. Okay, they are. But there are a
lot of limitations to DM ads. Okay, it
is the number one funnel type that I see
have a hard ceiling right around like
two to 300K a month. That's the most
common ceiling that I see. Are there
people that make more money with DM ads
than that? Yes, absolutely. But it is
also one of the most volatile and
vulnerable strategies that I've seen.
Meaning once you get up to that ceiling,
it's typically a ceiling that is imposed
in a very weird way. You might start
dealing with some inconsistency with the
platform. So, as an example, let's say
you're running DM ads on Facebook and
Instagram, which the most common
placements to run these DM ads on.
You're going to potentially come across
some, as an example, messaging
violations from your setters following
up too aggressively and breaking the
rules that exist, like the 7-day
non-response rule, as an example, or the
24-hour non-response example. Those
rules are hard rules, and they'll
restrict you. We have a guy that was at
$200,000 a month with DMN. He got
restricted out of nowhere for 3 months.
3 months, he's not going to be able to
run that strategy that was making him
200k a month. Vulnerability just doesn't
really happen in a lot of these other
funnels. It's more so happened in the DM
ads than anywhere else. In addition to
that, we've noticed that there's a lot
of inconsistencies in either the setters
or the AI technology that's available to
use. So, as an example, there's a
software that's been used uh by a
handful of our inner circle members.
It's called BB9. And BB9 is essentially
like an AI software that replicates what
setters would otherwise do inside of
your DMs. And there's, I'm sure, dozens
of other softwares that are the exact
same as that. But again, that's what
we've seen some of our inner circle
members use more than almost all the
other softwares that are available. And
I just want to be clear when I say this,
that has been able to replicate what
setters do quite well with a lot more
consistency than what having human
setters does. Human setters, we've
noticed like a lot of inconsistencies
where you'll have like, let's say, two
out of your five setters that are all
stars and three out of five that are
pretty mediocre and that weights down
your total statistics and it causes a
lot of inconsistency as a result in the
strategy. It's it's like pretty
exhausting to a degree as well to have
to manage dozens of setters if you
actually did take this thing up to a
million plus a month. You have to
leverage the tech, but from what we've
seen, I mean, right around that 2 to
300k level is just a monthly revenue
ceiling for this strategy. So, as a
result, honestly, argumentatively, I
think it's a B. But when you just argue
it from a perspective of the chunk
method and how it helps to hit
million-dollar months, and it does have
a lot of consistency up to those hard
ceilings that a lot of people run smack
into. So, I still believe that it's an A
tier strategy. Although, I got to be
honest, I I really do think this belongs
in a B. However, there's just so many
people that I know it's it's one of
those things that a majority of the time
when it's run, it's working really well.
So, from that perspective, we're going
to place it in the A, but that was that
was a challenging one. Okay, IG
shoutouts. There is literally one person
that I know that operates this strategy
successfully. He's been a longtime inner
circle member of mine many years over.
His name's Jeremy Moser. and Jeremy
Moser and his business partner Jan,
upstanding people, do a phenomenal job
with this and it's actually quite
comical. They have such a dominance over
this specific service and like they're
inarguably the absolute best at it. And
that's not even from a biased
perspective of them being in my inner
circle program. Just to be clear, it's
actually very non-biased. I would be
quite direct in the instance and
probably not even say their names in
this video if I didn't genuinely believe
in how great they are. I've done
million-dollar month deals with these
guys. They're phenomenal and they
execute really well. And the other thing
that's really funny is they have a
handful, like a literal handful of other
people that are competitors of theirs
that have learned directly from these
guys and then attempted to replicate
what they do. And these competitors that
they have, they're all, oddly enough,
like really weird people, you know, that
generally don't have um I don't know,
like ethics, I guess, would be the right
word. They essentially just follow all
of Jeremy's clients and just try to copy
and replicate everything that Jeremy and
his team do, which is interesting in
itself. But I digress. I just want to be
clear when I say this. This specific
strategy entails you having really good
content that through a shout out network
of pages that have followers that are
ideal customers of yours. And you that's
that's another really key skill here
that like you really have to put some
attention on is do they have the network
and the ability to actually put these
pieces of content in front of the right
people? Okay. And in addition to that,
can they just make great content in
general that has virality potential
that's going to algorithmically get
pushed in front of the right people
without having to use the shout out
network? That's something also to
consider. However, it is a minority of
the time that I see this strategy work
and it's really something that has like
a strong limitation kind of like DM ads.
However, I will say again, Jeremy Moser
and his business partner Jan and their
whole team over there, they are
phenomenal and they specifically execute
it really well. But but a lot of the
other people that ever try it, I rarely
ever hear anybody saying they hit
million dollar months doing it. You
know, it's more so something that chunks
like maybe a couple hundred grand onto
what you do. And when some of these
people out here, especially the ones
that are using competitors or like, you
know, learning from Jeremy and then
unfortunately not actually using Jeremy,
just not experiencing the gigantic
result that Jeremy and his organization
are able to produce comparatively. So
although revenue-wise with what Jeremy
does specifically, if it was just judged
on Jeremy, I would definitely rank it an
S tier funnel for sure, but it's not.
It's based on does a majority of the
time this specific funnel work,
unfortunately, the answer is no. You
know, does it work a minority of the
time and can it work really well? Yes.
But a majority of the time when it does
work a minority of the time, is it
producing big results or just a couple
hundred grand? Couple hundred grand. As
a result, I'm putting it B tier.
However, I mean, God bless you if you
get the opportunity to work with Jeremy
Moser. You know, that belongs in a
higher tier in the instance you use
them. All right, lead magnets. So, I
feel like over the years lead magnets
have really died. Give or take the
niche, right? A lot of high ticket
product and service businesses, this is
really just a point of friction now. Why
have an optin? Especially if you're
selling to richer demographics for
something that you're going to quote
unquote like give away for free, try to
earn some trust and some reciprocity and
like warm people up. um you know why do
that in the instance that you're going
to have people opt into it? It's
argumentatively because you're going to
build a big list, you're going to have a
lot of people you can retarget and email
and like they're eventually going to
buy. And again, for the right types of
lead magnets, absolutely. You're 100%
right in that regard. There is a high
probability it can work for you if you
have the right lead magnet. If it
doesn't sabotage the high ticket result
of getting them to the point where
they're willing to buy the high ticket,
the lead magnet has to be good, has to
get a result, has to be implemented and
activated at a high rate. And if not,
it's just a point of friction. Okay. And
there are also by far like a very small
minority of the time does this funnel
come up as something to do or to make
sense of or to test and deploy. It is
kind of like a funnel that's died. You
know, it's died and it's not been nearly
as used or as effective as what it once
was. So, as a result of that, I'm going
to rank it relatively low. But, I do
just want to give a fair shout out. I
know with certainty that there are
people out there who have lead magnet
funnels and offers that are doing
tremendously well and that do hit big
numbers. Uh but again, it's just not
something that we're seeing in my world
right now. And as a result of that, I'm
going to rank it a C. It's our first C
in the list today. Uh which is
unfortunate because again, I've had
periods in my career where lead magnets
might be one of the very first things
that can be executed, but it's just it's
not even in the big five nowadays, let
alone the top, I don't know, five or 10.
You know what I mean? Okay, I have an ad
strategy called the Hydra. It leverages
lead forms. Lead forms leverage
conditional logic right inside of the ad
platform itself. Facebook, Instagram,
LinkedIn, Tik Tok. You can run these on
a lot of these different social
platforms and it is an inplatform
lead application. Okay, you are giving
people the opportunity to at the bare
minimum collect first, last, email,
phone, any other combination of personal
identifiers and demographic traits and
characteristics. You can also ask
questions that leverage conditional
logic, which is what makes it awesome.
Just like an application funnel, you get
the opportunity to ask questions and
then based on people's answers, you're
going to route them to either, hey,
you're getting dropped out of the form
completely because you answered it wrong
or the next set of questions relative to
how they answered. Phenomenal funnel,
one of my favorites. But again, a
minority of the time do we get the
opportunity to run this nowadays. The
qualifier to be able to use this funnel
is you have to have a killer sales team
of real salespeople. It does not work
nearly that well when it is ran with fat
cat closers. Okay, fat cat closers are
the people who only want to take
qualified scheduled calls, nothing else.
They barely follow up. They have not a
lot of willingness to chase leads. Real
salespeople in this case is just a term
that I use to identify a salesperson
that has extreme willingness to go out
there, chase leads who had any level of
interest, work them, dial them, text
them, follow up with them. relentlessly
for eternity, leveraging both tech and
automation and manual follow-up in order
to do so. The Hydra is so good when the
right variables and conditions exist.
However, it is not something that we get
to commonly use. It is, as a matter of
fact, a very uncommon strategy as a
result of a majority of sales teams just
not having the right types of
salespeople. Very unfortunate because it
is a baller funnel that's worked really
well for us. I'm going to rank it a B.
Although I would love to as a creator of
the Hydra specifically and how we
leverage lead forms. I would obviously
love to rank it higher than that just as
a personal bias but again a minority of
the time are we able to deploy it? It
has to circumstantially be the right set
of variables and conditions to get it to
work otherwise just not worth it. All
right and the last one we're going to
close it out with this mini courses. So
mini courses are arguably just a lead
magnet but they are a little different.
Sometimes we've called this in the past
trust funnels. Um and other times we
just call it mini courses. This is
essentially where you get somebody to
opt in for a sequential series of videos
that you label as a miniourse. Sometimes
people host this nowadays in [__] school.
Uh Circle has been another place that
people are hosting these things
nowadays. Sometimes people host them on
traditional platforms like Clickfunnels,
Gohigh Level, Kajjabi. Um you could host
it wherever you'd like. Long story
short, it's essentially just a sequence
of videos that are unlocked as the
person consumes the one prior to that.
if actually consumed. There is a
tremendous benefit to the framing that
results just like a webinar funnel or a
challenge funnel or any other like
contentbased adunnel that you would run.
However, the downside to many courses
and trust funnels in general is the
attrition. Like you get whatever
quantity of people you get to opt in and
you just get this waterfall effect where
you lose people at each additional step.
On top of that, even worse, give or take
how long each one of the individual
videos are within it, you are not
getting a high retention rate or
consumption rate for every video
consumed. So, again, a minority of the
time are we running this. It is
something that doesn't even come up
inside of the businesses that we work
with that do million-dollar months. It
is so infrequently run. It is so
infrequently tested. Um, I want to be
fair in saying though, we do still have
both inner circle members, occasionally
master internet marketing members as
well, along with an occasional, very
small minority of the time client that
is running something like this. And if
it works, it works so unbelievably well.
But dude, it's not working a majority of
the time. You know, that attrition rate
and having the willingness to like tweak
the videos and change different
components of the videos when that
retention curve in the video is
extremely low. There's just rarely ever
a client that's like, "Oh [__] that
video is [__] up the entire chain of
people getting to the other side. Like,
let me go refilm that whole thing." Or,
"Oh, that opening hook is bad. Like, let
me go change it." Just not a lot of
willingness to do that. There are a
handful of marketers, really good
marketers at that I want to give a shout
out to that do a phenomenal job at
leveraging AI to be able like tools like
Descript as an example or all the other
plethora of the ones that exist nowadays
that you can go and plug the video into,
retype some of the words that were said.
It generates that person saying those
words so the client doesn't actually
have to go refilm stuff to overcome some
of those retention curve challenges. But
again, dude, it's like not a majority of
the time are people running that
specific offer. As a result, I'm
unfortunately going to rank it right
where the lead magnets are in the C
category. So, in this updated S tier
list video, nothing made it into the D
category. Surprisingly, I can't even
necessarily think of one that might rank
in there because I don't do things that
are D tier. You know what I mean? And I
hope I don't get exposure to the D tier
list, and I hope you don't either. But
I'll tell you where I do bias. that S
tier, that S tier and that A tier. These
are some of the most common funnels that
we run that have the most impact, have
the most leverage in getting our clients
to the big dog numbers. And hey, maybe
we can help you learn a lot about these
individual funnels, too, in two
different ways. First of all, my whole
YouTube channel is dedicated to
million-dollar months and the lessons
that have helped get our clients and
inner circle members there. There is a
tremendous amount of lessons, a lot on
each one of these individual funnels. We
have videos, mastery videos at that on
challenge funnels, webinars, call
funnels, selling to rich people,
advertising to rich people, book
funnels, low ticket to high ticket, and
a lot of these other ones that have
worked. And I would love for you to take
the opportunity to go and check some of
those out. And of course, if you want
the real stuff, the real juice, I do not
hold back anything inside of my paid
offers. I put you guys on game and give
you guys extensive SOPs on funnels just
like this, an extensive training
library, and of course, you get access
to AI Jeremy in real time and give or
take which offer you get. Of course, you
get access to real Jeremy, too, to give
you all the help that you need in order
to go out there and get richer. So, go
ahead and check out the links down in
the description if you're interested in
any kind of paid support. And of course,
go check out the channel and subscribe
if you are not already so you can get
put on game to all these things in a lot
more detail than what we just covered
here today. Go get richer. Toxin.